right
rod
yeah My dear mrs. Brown you can tell
this is a replica of the hearst castle
for antacid I should be I believe that
the reason we're looking for a mortgage
that's up for any my the qantas spent
over to 22 million dollars building do
you have a countess yeah about a mr.
brown this dairy mr. Bray no not anymore
not anymore so sorry to hear that so
mrs. Brown you're mrs. Brown's ugly does
her by yourself anyway so this is artful
see the angel they're replicas of the
David and the pool is uh you know peter
is 80 degrees all year and but I don't
know why she built it because you know
we are skeletons but you're welcome to
come i use it bring your bikini I used
to pull any time your friends will have
a pool party so this is a poem very kind
of you I like a child the conservatory
we have a greenhouse it just get it
green conservatory mm-hmm are we going
to do that and we have or we can go to
Marie Antoinette's room that we have
actually Marie Antoinette room which you
would wait before she was guilt in in
the French Revolution if you want to see
that that's a real room we've
transported here from France from the
book still okay ah that's a real
historical a real historical site it is
this house has a hundred rooms a hundred
rooms it
300 and you see that's well to why we
need a reverse mortgage because it costs
a lot of money for the odd people we
have it an iced well actually we are
working on and army up dead mate so they
won't cost anything cuz I don't know you
at all it sounds bad you don't you know
I'm dead don't you hook the foot but
don't be late hahahaha yeah really
really nice so it should we go about
Murrieta would you like to show me some
more ok we're going to compare you out
of it so this is maria Antoinette's bed
yeah this is her bed which is left
towards yours so if brought from the bus
still wow that's amazing see you know
there's a lot history oh is it a music
video yeah obviously in any of our music
video for more girl you know I think I
love it a skeleton boy we have a lot of
videos yes well I have to check that now
yes and you know um actually this is all
the stuff that you have over you cancel
the basis you know the bars on the
window she looked out that window before
that fateful morning she could see the
scaffolding as a matter of fact we have
seen marinka antonette come through a
portal uh we're trying to we try to ask
her if you want to be a 1-over goes
gather a skeleton but she won't talk to
us are sometimes she just carries her
head so you know I think she's still
traumatized by this whole guilty
Oh count caliber please too
I